[phone ringing]
What?
[on phone] Yo Jax.
Get the fuck up.
I'm about to help
you get paid bro.
[giggles]
Well. you remember Ms. Jordan?
Well. she asked
me to talk to you.
Remember that daughter Lisa?
Well she wound up
marrying a doctor.
Some cat named Myers.
Well. the doctor's been
knocking her around man.
And Ms. Jordan promised
she'd holler at you
about checkin' his 'lil ass.
I know you don't like
fucking with domestic drama
and all that bro.
but I know how you don't
much like bullies either.
You get his little ass pregnant.
that's worth about
Two G's right there.
Ms. Jordan just has $500.
But yeah. I'm gonna
kick in another $1500.
Doc's supposed to be some
little bitty mother fucker.
Just scare his
'lil punk ass. man.
That should do the trick.
Little bitty mother fucker...
Question mark.
I'm gonna fuck you up Ree Ree.
Exclamation point.
Got you. man.
I got you. brother.
Another one. Come on.
Push that shit.
Go ahead. go ahead. go ahead.
All you. all you. brother.
There it is.
Thanks for the spot.
Bob Myers. I ain't ever
seen you right before.
You a new trainer?
Tell me something.
At your size. was it
hard to become a surgeon?
Cuz I'd imagine the instruments
wouldn't fit in
your hand properly.
You're not here to
work out. are you?
I come to you this
morning in reference
to a personal matter
that has not become
a matter of business to me.
This matter is of an instance of
spousal abuse committed
by you. doctor.
Upon one Lisa Myers. your wife.
Now. I assure you Mrs. Myers
knows nothing of this meeting
and has had no part
in hiring my services.
I'm working on behalf
of concerned individuals
whose sole purpose is to
bring a cease to this matter.
In other words.
that hitting your wife
shit's gotta stop.
What are you. a cop?
Private detective?
Lawyer?
I'm Jaxen. and my message is
simple. never hit her again.
And who the hell do you
think you are. nigger?
What do you want me to say?
I'm sorry. I'll
never hit her again.
You will before you
leave this room.
Call me that word again
and you won't be able to.
I can't believe this shit.
First of all. you don't
even know what she did.
You don't come into my gym
and chastise me about my wife.
You better get the fuck out
of here while you still can.
You're gonna be sorry you ever
stuck your nose in my business.
[thud]
Sit your ass down.
I don't know who raised you.
but I don't care what she said.
Or what she did.
There's no reason to put
your hands on a woman.
But a motherfucker
as big as you?
That's some real punk ass shit.
I bet you probably were a big
deal wherever you grew up.
Huh?
You just missed out
on some essential
character building
ass-whoopings.
that's all.
Now I give you my word. I'm not
gonna tell anybody about this.
Violence was not my aim.
nor was it to humiliate you.
Man. we got to be
better than this. man.
I mean. this black on
black violence has to stop.
I'm not talking about me.
Here's a suggestion.
Here's what you do.
You make a grip. so buy her some
jewelry. a nice
dress. a dozen roses.
but promise to get therapy. and
take her on a nice vacation.
If she asks you why
you look so fucked up.
just tell her that
you took an MMA class
at the gym. and the
other guy looks worse.
Aight?
What are you supposed to say?
I'm sorry.
I'll never do it again.
My man.
♪ Today's the day ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Trouble. trouble.
trouble. trouble ♪
♪ I'm trouble ♪
♪ Another day.
another struggle ♪
♪ You monkeys in the middle ♪
♪ won't make it
out of the jungle ♪
♪ Try knock my hustle ♪
♪ I knock you out
on the tussle ♪
♪ Got five knuckle shuffle ♪
♪ bust your mouth in a scuffle ♪
♪ Money. power and muscle
Like hot-potato we juggled ♪
♪ Before I hit you
with the Draco ♪
♪ I hot-potato the muzzle ♪
♪ Don't take my
kindness for humble ♪
♪ or take my
silence for subtle ♪
♪ When money talking be quiet ♪
♪ The balance is
probably butter ♪
♪ When that's trouble ♪
♪ Enemies bleed in the puddle ♪
♪ With somebody's
missing teeth ♪
♪ Like a missing
piece of the puzzle ♪
♪ If I don't snuff you.
my team is plotting to ♪
♪ stuff you in this box
I'm fittin' to shove you ♪
♪ You get the plot
and the shovel ♪
♪ I'm a O.G. but double
is the bag like a double ♪
♪ I'm the plug
that can plug you ♪
♪ but different if
I don't trust you ♪
♪ Now judge who? ♪
♪ When the judge and
jury corrupt too. ♪
♪ Cause in the system
ain't no justice ♪
♪ It's just you ♪
♪ I don't know you.
Trouble. trouble. trouble ♪
♪ Why you gotta
do me like that? ♪
♪ I guess don't know you.
Trouble. trouble. trouble ♪
♪ Why you gotta do me like that?
You know I'm trouble baby ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ Love is inviting.
you got me exciting ♪
♪ I love the way
you bring me joy ♪
[Jahari sighs]
[Unc] Okay. cut.
All right. it ain't gonna
get no better than that.
That's all I got.
Take five.
Yo. baby.
What?
Baby girl. baby girl.
That was all right.
But you singing that shit.
but you damn sure not
feeling that shit.
I'm tired.
You know what I'm saying?
You too damn young
to be that damn lazy.
You nobody lazy. Unc.
We've been in here since
6 o'clock last night.
It's 7 o'clock in the
morning. and I am through.
If you can't find nothing out
of all that shit that we cut.
then why don't you
go sing it then?
I'm not trying to stress you.
You know what I'm saying?
But if you keep singing that
old ass sound and weak ass shit.
and it flops. you're gonna look
at me crazier than
a motherfucker.
and you know it.
Unc. I know you mean well. but
when I'm in there
singing my ass off.
and you telling me that I'm
singing with no feeling.
you think that's gonna
make me sing better?
No.
I'm trying to put my
foot in your behind
and get you where
you need to be.
Unc. I love you.
I'm going to bed.
I love you.
I love you too.
Take your little ass
home. get some rest.
but you better be back
here on time tomorrow
to do what you need to do.
[Jahari sighs]
[door opens]
Hey. babe.
I know you're
probably still asleep.
I'm about to knock out.
I hit you around two.
Love you.
Goodnight.
Damn. Eddie. you've
really fallen off.
You usually open a car
door for me when I come in.
You must be more
tired than I am.
Sorry. Ms. Jahari.
Eddie's out sick.
I'm Roger.
You're in good hands.
[club music]
[crowd chatter]
[crowd chatter continues]
We need two more up front.
We've got Crossy
coming with five VIPs.
Yeah. yeah.
[pop music]
Hello. Big Will.
How you feeling?
I'm fine. good.
All right. all right. Captain.
Boom.
Boom. get your ass out of here.
Now. I warned you about
that drug shit. okay?
Now you're banned.
Don't come back to the club.
Look. if you wasn't
Pookie's brother.
I'd have you arrested.
Now get out.
You too. big man.
I ain't going
anywhere. motherfucker.
[sigh]
Bro.
Relax.
And leave.
Nigga. you got to put me out.
Gage.
Yes. boss.
I need you to come
to the men's room
and take Boom and his
boy from off the floor
and get their asses out.
Copy.
Gage.
Now don't hurt nobody.
Just take them out gently.
You copy?
Copy.
Damn.
Hey. man. you look
like new money.
Come on in office.
let me tighten you up.
I ought to tighten you up.
[laughs]
You could have told me
the doctor was a big.
The Rock-looking motherfucker.
That shit was funny
though. wasn't it?
Yeah. hilarious.
You know. Big
Stevie's mom passed.
Ah. send my condolences.
Yeah.
And give this back
to Ms. Jordan.
You should be
ashamed of yourself
taking that woman's money.
I'm not ashamed. but when am
I going to get my money back?
What?
[romantic music playing]
[romantic music continues]
Okay. now.
I'm seriously regretting
my life decisions.
How could I have
let you get away.
and how could you
be more beautiful?
Jax. it's so good to see you.
What have you been
up to these days?
Well. this is it.
I'm heading security here.
I started doing it
after I left the PD.
Sit down.
I'm surprised to
see you were here.
I didn't think clubs
were your thing.
Oh. they're not.
But times change.
I'm actually here
checking out this band
for a potential gig I might
want to book them for.
I'm doing event planning now.
By yourself?
Sometimes.
But you do know I know
how to handle myself.
[laughs]
What?
I'm sitting here
trying to figure out
how and why did we lose touch.
Funny.
I was thinking the same thing.
A hell of a jump.
Going from the morgue
to throwing parties.
Yeah. too much death.
not enough life.
But I'm so glad I left because
I'm really enjoying it.
I'm making good money.
meeting interesting people.
It's a lot of good
opportunity for me.
How does your man feel about you
being out all
hours of the night?
Well. while I am an independent
sister. if I had a man.
I wouldn't be out with
you at one in the morning.
If he was confident
about what he has.
then he wouldn't sweat it.
[Gina laughs]
Okay. so you're saying you'd
have absolutely no problem
if I was out with
a handsome brother
such as yourself
if you were my man?
If I was your man. you wouldn't
want for anything. so yeah.
But it probably wouldn't happen.
So where's your office?
I'm in the Calico Arts building.
Huh? Know it well.
It's right around the
corner from my place.
You live over there?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I didn't know security
jobs pay like that.
[laughs]
They don't.
I do odd jobs for
people. and one cat
chose to pay me with the
crib instead of cash.
And what kind of
odd jobs do you do
that pay you in real estate?
Well. it's not like I'm
a hit man or anything.
I just...
I just help people out
of tight situations.
And I guess some situations
are tighter than others.
Mm-hmm.
I thought you'd be
a lawyer by now.
Yeah. me too.
But turns out I didn't
want to live like that.
I could probably be
doing a little bit better
than I am now.
but I do get to sleep at night.
And I know a lot of cops
and lawyers who don't.
But enough about me.
We still haven't figured out
why we didn't make us happen.
That's easy.
Me. starting my own business.
You. a cop in law school.
Not exactly the best setting for
something to jump
off romantically.
What about this?
This is romantic.
It's late.
The lights are low.
Look. I ain't gonna
lie to you. Jax.
I've always liked you.
And it is really.
really good to see you.
But you know I won't
do one night stands.
So look. you have my number.
Why don't you give me a call
when you have some free time?
[phone buzzing]
And maybe we can hang.
How about now?
[laughs]
This is my place.
And this is nice.
I love your artwork.
Wish I could take credit for
it. but it came with a place.
I guess this is what
odd jobs get you. huh?
Yeah.
[laughs]
No way.
[dramatic music]
What? Wait. wait.
I never taught you
up to that level.
Well. you weren't the only
Wing Chun teacher in Atlanta.
And I definitely wasn't
one of those silly girls
who was trying to get
with the hot instructor.
When we moved on.
I kept training.
Oh it's like that.
Okay. all right.
Challenge accepted.
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music continues]
[bell rings]
Thank you.
Oh no. I'll be right back.
[dramatic music]
Uh-oh.
[gun cocks]
You need to get dressed.
You're coming with us.
Come with you where?
Holland needs to talk
to you. right now.
He forgot how to
use a fucking phone?
Listen. that last thing
you pulled with him.
he prefer to do
business like this.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Ain't no hey. hey. I gotta gun.
Listen. listen. put
the fucking gun down.
-I'm not putting this gun down.
-Hey. look. could you...
I'm not looking at. get
your shit on. let's go.
I don't like guns. okay?
Don't get shot by one then.
Could you please put
the fucking gun down?
No. I wanna shoot you.
You need to calm your ass
down and shut the fuck up.
Man. first. I don't like guns.
I don't give a
fuck what you like.
Second. what sense does it make?
We gonna go all the way downtown
with a big ass gun in my face.
Man. shut your fucking mouth.
It's broad daylight.
Shut your fucking
mouth. come on.
Are you that stupid?
-I got the fucking gun.
-Yes. you do.
-I'm doing the talking.
-I see you have your gun.
-Yes.
-But do you have brains?
I'm gonna shoot your ass.
What fucking sense does it make
to go all the way downtown
with a fucking gun in my face?
You gonna find out.
-You gotta put it down sometime.
Never.
Right. you gotta drive
the fucking car. right?
You gotta put it down
to drive the car.
put the gun away.
-I'm not stupid.
-Man. you are stupid.
You make me shoot your ass.
You can't shoot me.
I wanted to shoot you in 1985.
Make me shoot your ass.
What we gonna do. go
all the way downtown?
Bro. you ain't gonna
tell me what you do.
With a big ass gun
in my fucking face.
You gotta put the motherfucker
down at some point.
No. no. I really don't.
You want me to get
dressed. right?
Get dressed. let's go.
Okay. how do I get dressed?
Are you gonna go with
me to the bedroom
with a big ass fucking
gun in my face?
You eventually have to put
the gun down anyway. right?
Why don't you just put it down
now and let me get dressed?
Am I making sense. right?
You're stupid. motherfucker.
I don't need this shit.
[crash]
Shit.
[dramatic. upbeat music]
[thud]
Willis. I'm sending
two guys down
who tripped over themselves.
[on PA] You mean
them two. big niggas?
You know how I feel
about that word. Willis.
And yes. them.
Sorry about that.
Well. when those two
fools get downstairs.
make sure they
don't come back up.
You ain't got to
worry about that.
You know I keep my Roscoe on me.
What you talking about. Wil-?
What are you saying. Willis?
My military issued. 45 Colt.
There's no need for
all of that. Willis.
Just make sure that
you escort them out.
Just want to let you
know I got your back.
Thank you.
[doorbell rings]
Do you have an appointment. sir?
Yeah. your asshole boss
made it this morning.
Sir. you can't go in there.
You brothers gonna have to
reschedule your meeting.
I'm sorry Mr. Holland.
I tried to stop him.
That's all right. Loni.
Please escort Loco out.
Loni will take care of you
while I deal with
Action Jaxen here.
I'll catch up with
you guys later
and we can close this deal.
Don't worry. Loni. just
close the door behind you
and hold all my calls.
Will do.
What up. black man?
Yeah. fuck all that
fake black man shit.
Two of your clowns
came to see me
and my property got destroyed.
Why'd you send them two dumb
motherfuckers to see me?
You know what. fuck all that.
Just replace my shit so
I can get the fuck on.
I sent them dumb motherfuckers.
Cause I wanna hire you.
Well. you gotta fucked up
way of hiring a brother.
Replace my shit. let's
call it two grand.
Loni. go down to
accounting and get $2.000.
Cash.
Tell the accountant to charge it
to the Loco's recording budget.
Already stealing from these guys
and you ain't even
signed them yet.
Stay in your lane.
Gonna take her a minute
to get the cash. so.
You may as well hear me out.
Two minutes?
In a nutshell. I need
you to find Jahari.
To find her? Was she lost?
Well. you know she is
our biggest selling act
and also my biggest
source of aggravation.
She has a new
album ready to drop
and [pop] she just disappeared.
Call the cops.
I can't do that.
I'm about to take
the company public
and if people find
out I can't handle
my main instrument of cash flow.
your offer will be dead
before it gets off the ground.
Thank you.
I don't understand it.
There's a whole
lot of other cats
you could hide for less
money and less headache.
And besides. I don't
like your ass no way.
Didn't you?
Used to be her bodyguard?
What's with the air
quotes. motherfucker?
Yeah. I was her bodyguard
and nothing else.
Then who was the
song about. huh?
Who?
Some other kung fu
bodyguard she in love with.
Who?
Well. evidently.
And she don't wanna deal
with your dumb ass no more.
But shit. I'm proud that you-
Oh. I know you
don't wanna do this.
[sighs]
I had hoped I wouldn't
have to tell you this
to get you to take the job.
She's using heroin again.
Goddamn it.
Man. that shit almost
killed her the last time.
Last time she vanished.
we managed to keep
it from the press.
She could be on a gutter.
a holdup somewhere getting high.
But I need her back here. clean.
and ready to promote this album.
That's all you
care about. right?
The fucking album.
Drugs and singers
are a way of life.
Jimi Hendrix. Billie Holiday.
and the list goes on and on.
I didn't get her
hooked on drugs.
but I have to deal
with it on my own.
Shit is fucked up and
I can't have that.
So name your price.
I need her back here.
$50 grand.
$25 now.
$25 on delivery.
If you had all
that in your safe.
why didn't you reimburse
my property from there?
If I had reimbursed
you from there.
you wouldn't have
stayed to hear my offer.
$50 grand. kinda steep.
Glad to see you got a price.
just like everybody else.
I'm not gonna promise
you a damn thing.
I'ma see what turns up.
Hey. Loni. is it?
Yes.
Loni. I'm so sorry I
barged past you like that.
And if he gives you
any flag for it.
just give me a call.
Please.
I was hired as a secretary.
I ain't security.
I'm wondering if you
could do me a favor.
Look. I'm trying to find
Jahari for ass-bucket in there
and I'm not certain he's
telling me everything.
Oh. Mr. Jones. I'm sorry.
No. no. no. no. no. it's
not Mr. Jones. it's Jaxen.
And I'm not gonna ask
you to do anything
that might get you into trouble.
Just if you hear or see
anything that might help.
give me a call.
All right. I think
I can do that.
Now make sure your name
stays out of it. okay?
Okay.
All right. and?
I want you to take this and
have a nice dinner with me.
Oh. I definitely can do that.
All right. talk to you soon.
Mm-hmm.
[phone ringing]
Holland here.
[on phone] Am I on speaker?
No. I don't have you on speaker.
Yeah. listen. I
understand your concern
and the circumstances
created the outcome
that we are dealing with.
So let's move forward.
We know the offer is
going public in this.
[beeping]
Hello?
Fuck!
You two fine to be working
and I can make that happen.
Okay.
Yeah. I can make that happen.
Hey. excuse us.
Oh. excuse me. hey
man. this is my club.
Hey baby. I'll be right back.
What's going on?
Man. if God made anything
else. He kept it for Himself.
Man. that girl was fine as hell.
You was cock-blocking. man.
I'm sitting there
rapping with her.
I almost had her.
And here you come.
outta nowhere.
Yeah. so Ree.
I'm gonna need to
take some time off
T can hold things
down while I'm gone.
Why. what's up?
Holland hired me to
find your Jahari.
Man. why you keep
fucking with this dude?
You know he ain't shit.
Yeah. yeah. I know.
but the bag is good.
And look. he told me
she's on that shit again.
Now. if she's out there a while
and I wanna make
sure I get to her
before something else does.
Hey man. why you keep trying
to be this girl's savior?
I'm not.
I just wanna make sure
she's okay. that's all.
I hope that's all.
because I just signed
papers promoting you
as Admiral. Save-A-Hoe.
Don't make me send that shit in.
We've been out of
touch for years.
so I don't have any leads
on where she might be now.
Well. you know what. last I knew
she was hanging with
some cat named Money.
He's supposed to be some
big baller or whatever.
but I don't know
what his game is.
You know where I might find him?
They say he owns an
after-hour called Moneymakers.
It's on Euclid.
that's what I know.
Say on Euclid?
Shit.
I'll catch you later.
We had what I thought was
a beautiful night together.
I sent you a very
meaningful gift. I call you.
and you have the audacity
to hang up on me.
I know we haven't seen each
other in a long ass time.
but if this is how
you operate. I'm good.
Fine. keep the flowers.
Oh. so that's how you
get down. just walk away?
Yes. I am mad. Jax.
but it doesn't mean
we can't talk about it.
I thought you were
better than this.
I guess this really
was a one night stand.
Oh. hell no. look.
and you're right.
I am better than this.
It's just that some crazy shit
jumped off after you left.
and when you called.
I was in the middle
of dealing with it.
Look. this new job came up.
we're gonna have to
chill for a minute.
I don't understand. what does
a new job have to do with us?
I've been hired
to find somebody.
and if it gets crazy. I don't
want you anywhere near it.
Who the hell you gotta find?
It's not important.
If it's not important.
then why can't you tell me?
Damn. is this how it's
gonna be with you?
Well. Jax. don't give
me that bullshit.
If you can't talk to me.
then we are wasting our time.
Barnes Holland hired me to
find this singer. Jahari.
Oh. the singer?
Jax. I didn't forget that you
used to mess around with her.
No. I was just her bodyguard.
Come on. Jax. just be
straight up with me.
Clearly that song she
wrote was about you.
Gina. please. let's not make
this something it's not.
My life isn't usually
this fucked up.
Just let me get this job done.
and we can pick up
where we left off. okay?
Fine.
Do what you gotta do.
and I'll do the same.
But whether you
realize it or not.
this dude right here
is not the same man
I was with last night.
[dramatic music]
Excuse me. brothers.
Sorry to push up on
you brothers like this.
but I need to have
a word with Money.
How do you know me?
I didn't. until I said your name
and your guys
looked right at you.
Look. you don't know me.
but I know something
that went down
that you might be interested in.
So spill it.
Believe me. you don't want
this said out in the open.
[on TV] You sweep
back at you. take him.
He's our future. bro.
Take him.
You know why I dig
these flicks. man?
Motherfuckers took
no shit from nobody.
The white man. brothers.
bitches. nobody.
I respect that ideology.
They'd go down in flames
for what they believed
if it came to that.
I live by that shit.
So what's up?
What you want my old lady. bro?
Not me.
It's her record company.
They hired me to
find her. well...
they feel like she's missing.
[laughs]
Cigar?
No thank you.
Damn.
Can't offer a
brother nothing. huh?
Whatever.
Look. she told me a
couple of weeks ago
that she was going on a DL.
said she sick of all
that record company shit.
so you can go back
to Holland's punk ass
and tell him she good.
When's the last
time you seen her?
Couple of days ago.
Call her.
See if she answers.
All right.
If that'll close this up.
[phone ringing]
My boy said you was a cop.
Sent him up for a two year bid.
Used to be.
Now I'm sort of a fixer.
And I head security
at Club Bank.
You that cat?
Yeah. I heard about you.
Kung fu and shit. right?
Why you fucking with
a buster like Holland?
[phone ringing]
Long story.
What's your game anyway?
Nobody seems to have
you figured out.
That's the way I like it.
No drugs. no hoes.
other than that.
Anything goes.
What's this for?
We going to her crib.
It never take her
this long to answer.
No thanks.
I don't like 'em.
You a strange
motherfucker Jaxen.
[door closes]
Shit. I furnished
this motherfucker.
Who could have done this shit?
Jahari!
Baby?
Baby!
Jahari!
Baby. where you at?
Baby?
Jahari!
Motherfucker has
got me fucked up.
That motherfuckers think
they could just take my woman
and I ain't gonna do nothing.
Brother. de-escalate man.
You don't even know
who took her yet.
Okay. what are you gonna do?
Start beating up people
randomly till somebody talks?
Yeah. that's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
What you expect me to do?
I'm supposed to just
sit here like a bitch.
waiting for her to show up?
Hey look. hey remember Superfly?
Ron O'Neal was trying to
get out of the drug game.
This ain't no
fucking movie nigga.
You look. I ain't
with that nigga shit.
Call me motherfucker
if you must.
This ain't a movie motherfucker.
Thank you.
Point is. Superfly
didn't just break out.
He had a plan.
We have to have a plan. Money.
All right. Blackbelt
Jones. what's the plan?
Give me till the
weekend. all right?
Without you blowing shit up.
If I don't find her.
do what you gotta do.
The weekend?
That's a long ass
fucking time for me
to just sit on my hands
for a motherfucker
I don't even know.
Yeah. but you didn't
even know she was gone
till I told you. right?
Look. trust me. It's what I do.
[crowd chattering]
♪ There's a reality ♪
♪ Dropped another
life at your feet ♪
♪ Now that you
face another day ♪
Jaxen.
Hey. hey. surprise.
Didn't realize you owned a tux.
Hey. is that Sebastian Cruz?
No. what are the odds.
there'd be two brothers
wearing worsted wool from Italy.
How does it handle bloodstains?
What are you doing here?
You supposed to be
looking for Jahari.
I am.
Went to her apartment
and it was trashed.
Saw this invite
and figured something
might show itself here.
Especially since I didn't
get an invite myself.
That's simple.
I didn't want you here.
Hey. quit your bullshit.
This is about more than her
being pissed about her career.
She probably tore her place up
in a heroin induced tantrum.
That don't mean-
Oh. shit!
Just do your job.
Hey.
Damn. Loni. you are
looking fine tonight.
Oh. well. thank you. Mr. Jones.
No. no. no. please.
Just call me Jax.
Okay. Jax.
I do not understand how
in the hell your boss
could get a man
of the year award.
Jax. just try to enjoy yourself.
I am. I am.
Like who's that lady
that Holland's talking to
in the red dress?
Oh. that's Yuen Song.
She's spearheaded Mr. Holland
getting this award.
Huh. why would she do that?
Well. she invested in
the record company early
and had a lot to
do with Mr. Holland
taking the company public.
She got deep pockets.
Hi. I am so pleased
with the turnout.
Your attention to detail.
Matter of fact. I'm
ready to discuss you
setting up my next
three functions.
Oh. thank you.
I'm just so surprised
that you would take
such a personal interest
in something this small.
especially with everything
you have on your plate.
It's all a matter of
perspective. Gina.
This is a pleasant distraction
from my day-to-day chaos
of my business.
Well. here comes my distraction.
Not a bad one?
How you doing?
Fine.
Yuen Song. this is Mr. Jones.
Damn. Mr. Jones?
Mr. Jones. pleased to meet you.
Me as well.
You here to celebrate
with the guest of honor?
Not hardly.
The guest of honor hired
me to do some work for him.
and that's why I'm here.
What kind of work would that be?
Well. Mr. Holland is
having a little grief
with one of his artists.
and he'd like me to help
straighten things out with her.
May I have heard of this artist?
Well. since you are an
investor. her name is Jahari.
Excuse me. I'm gonna
go check on catering.
Jahari. I've met her
once. but that was it.
And how will you
straighten things out
between she and Holland?
Well. that depends
on the circumstances.
If you'll excuse me.
I have a few guests
I have to attend to.
Good luck. Mr. Jones.
I have no doubt you'll get even
more than you're looking for.
Well. it usually
turns out that way.
Oh. excuse me. Ms.-
Song.
Uh. sorry fellas. I
only dance with ladies.
My apologies. Mr. Jones.
Fang and Lung are my
longtime bodyguards.
and they can be a
bit overprotective.
What was it that you wanted?
I know you were instrumental
in Holland getting this award.
I guess I was just
wondering. why?
Holland's a good
creative executive.
and it's a nice enough business.
It allows me to stretch
my different muscles.
It's a pleasure
speaking with you.
Perhaps I'll see you again.
I look forward to that.
Boys.
[sniffles]
No worries. fellas.
Maybe we'll get together
and kick it sometime.
Fang. Lung. now.
What was that about?
What was what about?
You know all that
"I'm the man shit."
You know. it's good to see you.
Well. I was quite surprised.
Well. this is what I do.
and this is by far the
biggest event I've had yet.
Congratulations.
Look. I don't wanna
interrupt your flow.
so I'm gonna go. okay?
Jax. hold up.
Let's talk for a minute.
I'm very disappointed
in you two.
Any attention I draw to myself
is because I orchestrate it.
Your behavior with
Mr. Jones was embarrassing.
Now compose yourselves.
no more warnings.
Look. I've been in like five
fights in the last two days.
Now that's what my life
looks like right now.
and I can't have
you up in that mix.
Wow.
Thank you.
I can't even begin to tell
you how much I appreciate
you protecting me from
all this adversity.
Because relationships only
happen if shit is perfect.
right?
You see. you think I'm
some weak little chick
who you gotta protect.
We could save that Tarzan
shit for someone else.
and when you learn
how to communicate.
give a sister a call.
Wow.
I think I figured it out.
Figured what out?
Why?
We never happened.
I don't know if we were on
some good behavior shit.
but I never saw
this side of you.
You were clearly not
just that fine girl
from Berkeley with
a pretty smile.
You are as ride-or-die as
any man would ever wish for.
And if I had just invested
the time back then.
maybe I would have found out.
Now that's on me.
Now I lost you one time.
and I'll be damned
if I lose you again.
[slow music]
[birds chirping]
Hey Jaxen. tell me
this your sister?
No Willis. this
is my lady. Gina.
-Hi Willis.
-How you doing?
-Nice to meet you.
-Same here.
Now Willis use to-Get down!
[gunshots]
[motorcycle engine revving]
[thud]
[gun clicks]
[motorcycle engine revving]
What happened?
I think the bullet
went in and out.
Ambulance is on the way.
You okay?
I just got shot. Jaxen.
How the fuck would I be okay?
Sorry. your gun wasn't
much help Willis.
Damn. that gun is
from World War II.
So were the bullets.
You ever clean
this thing Willis?
Not really.
Come on man. why would the
Dragons be coming after you?
Damon. like I've been telling
you for the last 20 minutes.
I don't know who they are
or why they were
shooting at us. okay?
Once I find out.
I'll let you know.
Now let me go check
on it. all right?
Hey.
[footsteps]
I tried. man.
It doesn't look good.
Hang in there. okay?
Take care.
How you doing?
I don't know. Jax.
I just don't know.
[bell rings]
[phone rings]
[on phone] Yo.
Yo yourself. nigga.
I told you about
that shit. Money.
Well. it doesn't mean
the same thing nowadays.
You can dress that shit
up however you want.
You know where it came from.
What'd you find out?
[on phone] I'm working on it.
But I was throwing
a curve this morning
that makes the picture
a little clearer.
I'm getting closer though.
[on phone] Closer?
Nah. see. you got to do
better than closer. bruh.
Cause it's hard as hell
sitting up here doing nothing
when my woman is just out there.
I mean. I know I
gave you the weekend.
[on phone] but this shit just
ain't in my nature. Jaxen.
Hey. just chill.
I'm sure she's safe if
what I'm thinking's right.
But in the meantime.
[on phone] I need you
to do me a big favor.
[on PA system]
Dr. Meadow. 2-9-4-5.
[slow music]
[slow music continues]
[crowd chattering]
Excuse me.
I'm looking for the
owner of this helmet.
Now this person's shot a
woman I care for very much.
And before I leave here. I'm
going to find out who did this.
Are you a cop?
No.
[laughing]
Listen. this man shot
an innocent woman.
If there's a real man among you.
you won't condone
that kind of shit.
Whose helmet is this?
Charlie Chan's motherfucker.
Now get the fuck out of here.
You come to tell me
whose helmet this is?
My friend. you're right.
It disgraces me.
he hurt a woman.
Forgive my insult.
[knife unsheathing]
[sharp thrust]
[heavy blows]
[speaking Mandarin]
[screaming]
[loud thuds]
[grunting]
[loud thud]
[gunshot]
I got your attention now?
Okay. let's try this again.
Whose helmet is this?
You. two seconds.
Uh. uh. uh.
[gunshot]
Wrong answer.
All right. who's next?
Let's say you.
The helmet belongs
to Jen Sun Lo.
He an independent hitman
from Gwinnett Park.
He was admitted
to Grady Hospital.
Taken by his partner.
I don't remember his name.
All right. his partner's name?
You!
Bruce Lee.
[gunshots]
All right. what's
his partner's name?
That's really his name.
I know like six guys
named Bruce Lee.
It's common. like Will
Smith or James Brown.
My bad.
Bruce and Jen Sun
were renegades.
They were hired by some
record company owner.
Holland?
Yes. Barnes Holland.
He wanted to make it
look professional.
but those two are not
too bright. you know?
Well. thank you for cooperating.
You've been a big help.
Man. you ain't dying.
[gunshot]
Pellets. like paintball.
Only a hell of a lot bigger.
Hurts like a
motherfucker. don't it?
Yo. when are we
gonna see our money.
[door closes]
So what's this about?
Right now it's about
having a gun to your head
and not knowing if I'm
gonna pull the trigger.
You better tell me everything
you know about Song.
Jahari. and everything
you don't think I know
and hold the bullshit.
[ominous music]
Swerve was in a
financial tailspin.
I was leveraged out.
essentially screwed.
Song gave me a high
interest rate loan.
I thought I could make an
above the board deal to buy.
She tightened the screws.
She kidnapped Jahari.
Gave me five days to
take the offering public
and get her our cash or she
would have Jahari killed.
And what good would that do?
It would be crazy demand
for her music if she died.
You ever heard of Pop
Smoke or Nipsey Hussle
before they died?
Then she would force me to give
her Swerve to ease my debt.
Turn around and sell
it for more money
than it has ever been worth.
I hired you.
because that way it
wouldn't look like
I knew what her plan was.
She heard you were involved.
She wanted you out of the way.
She said she knew
you were trouble.
She made me hire the hitman.
And I told her if they missed.
things would get ugly.
And here we are.
Jahari probably isn't
even strung out. is she?
No.
I knew that would lock
you in to finding her.
I can't believe you
would let Jahari die.
Just to get up from under Song.
You probably don't
even want her found.
You fuck around and let Gina
get hurt behind your bullshit.
I realize this is hard for
you to understand. Jaxen.
But I'm a businessman.
This was business.
This ain't business.
This is very personal.
You either talk.
or limp for the
rest of your life.
Okay.
All right. what
you got this time?
You sure you wanna know?
Oh no. that look.
You know what it is.
Damn Money. you beat
me every single time.
Well I tried to tell you.
never gamble with a
nigga named Money.
but you ain't listenin'.
Come on. listen.
Hey.
Bruh.
Much appreciated.
I owed you already.
Sup.
Keep the change. shorty.
How you doin'?
Well. the doctor said
it's only a flesh wound.
so I can go home in the morning.
I'll be fine.
but I see what you mean
now about your lifestyle.
I am so sorry you got
caught up in this.
but I'm about to close
the books on this shit.
So you get some rest
and I'll see you
when this is over. okay?
Yeah.
I'm not sure that's a good idea.
I mean. I got shot. Jax. shot.
I think you might
be wrong about me.
I might've been down
to ride with you.
but I'm definitely
not down to die.
Now I just don't know.
I guess I can understand that.
Hey.
You take care.
I stopped by your crib. picked
up all that stuff you wanted.
Cool.
It's in the truck.
I didn't know they still
made DVD players though.
You know they got
streaming now. right?
Yeah. electronic leashes.
I don't do that social
media shit neither.
But hey man. thanks for Gina.
Well. don't fuck it up. okay?
Now what's up with my woman?
Well. here's the deal.
I know where she is.
Well. if you know where she is.
why are we still standing here?
I have a plan that
goes down tonight.
Get your car. I'll tell
you the rest on the way.
[car alarm chirps]
Man. how many vehicles you got?
Not counting boats
and motorcycles?
What?
[loud thud]
[coughing]
No. look.
I only reached out to Jaxen
in case there was
an investigation.
I didn't think he
would get close
but when he showed
up at the banquet.
I knew I had to get rid of him.
So you hired Chinese hit men
to make it look like
the hit came from me.
No. no. no. no. I
didn't hire miss-men.
I hired hit men.
How did I know he
was gonna get away?
Oh. but he did.
And when were you gonna tell me
of Jaxen's visit with you today?
Look at me. I'm talking to you.
Huh?
I want you to tell me
everything you told him
about my operation.
I didn't tell him anything.
[loud thud]
[coughing]
Did that hurt?
And do you think I believe you?
Either way. I'll find out.
You are circling
the drain. Holland.
You have 48 hours to
settle what you owe me.
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
To the warehouse.
[dramatic music]
Money. I think I found her.
And there's only one
man guarding Jahari now.
Looks like Heckle
and Jekyll are back.
Shit. I got two bullets
for each one of them
bitches right here.
Nah. now at ease that shit.
We gonna bring them out to us.
Just get your guys ready.
So we gonna zip line onto
the rooftop from here?
Fuck I look like.
Tom Cruise. nah.
We gonna walk down the stairs.
cross the street and
go up the fire escape.
See. that's gonna take forever.
You got a 550 para-cord. right?
Yeah.
Check this out.
I got a hook. carabiners.
and a modified Bravo company.
BCG-AXTS Raptor from a
fucking 300 blackout AR.
We're looking at
a four foot pitch.
at roughly 40 meters.
Shouldn't be a problem.
Mm-hmm.
[gunshot]
What the hell did
you do before you did
whatever the hell you do now?
I was in a boy band.
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
Oh. you good?
Yeah. nice rigging job. bro.
My fault?
Yeah.
Gas is dropped.
[men speaking Mandarin]
[banging]
Yes. there's a reported
gas leak in this area
the building next door.
reported three Barkays
per square foot.
I'm gonna need you to
evacuate this building.
I'm gonna need to get in here.
We're not going anywhere.
You guys can investigate.
but only one.
One? it's gonna take two hours
to oppose the 10 minutes.
Now if the con
function of the Barkays
reached mass production.
you may not live long.
[sighs]
My man.
[dramatic music]
How many times do
I have to tell you?
I have to go to the bathroom.
[dramatic music]
I'm telling you I'm gonna
be in here for a long time.
Get off me.
[door creaking]
What's with all the firepower?
Mind your business.
Scan the place. fellas.
You know what to do.
[scanners beeping]
[scanner beeping]
Look. there's a
total Bar-Kay concert
going on up there right now.
I need to get in
there and investigate.
Forget it.
This is about public health.
If I can't run a check. then
the new power generation
will shut you down immediately.
[on radio] Let me
get Colonel Abrams.
Just give us five minutes. okay?
Just five minutes.
Give him five minutes.
[speaking Mandarin]
[loud thud]
Oh shit.
[door creaking]
Looks like she got his ass.
And must have run downstairs.
Let's go. let's go.
You take this elevator down.
I'll stay and secure this floor.
Hey man. I don't
know what's going on.
but look. this is Pendergrass.
He was upstairs
cutting the gas off.
Look. it's less
Barkays already. look.
[beeping]
Check it out.
All right. fellas. I guess
I'ma open up this wall
so we can get the main
source to the valve.
[loud bang]
[gas hissing]
All I know is if you don't
get that motherfucking
gun out of my fa...
Now that was fast.
That was fast as fuck
right there. yeah.
You on point.
That was nice.
[suspenseful music]
Lady J?
I knew you would come.
[gas hissing]
Now!
All right. where's Jahari?
Huh?
You got nothing to say? Well
I'm gonna start shooting
motherfuckers in 5. 4. 3. 2...
[gas hissing]
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Look it's a gas leak.
If you shoot that
gun. we'll all go up.
That's bullshit.
You sure?
[dramatic music]
[grunting]
I'm gonna come back for you.
Just stay right here. okay?
Okay.
All right. just be tight.
[grunting]
[gas hissing]
[screams]
[suspenseful music]
[flame burning]
[thud]
[grunting]
[flame burning]
[roaring]
[loud thud]
[speaking Mandarin]
[suspenseful music]
-No. no. no. no.
Fuck that!
Jahari!
No!
[agonized scream] Fuck!
[whoosh of flames]
I've been waiting a
long time for this.
I ain't got no
time for this shit.
I'm a Raiders of the
Lost Ark. you ass.
Fuck around and find out.
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
You are such a disgrace.
It's really a shame the art
has been wasted on your kind.
So I think it's
fitting that you die
by your own dishonorable
weapon. don't you think?
[gun shot]
Goddamn that shit hurt.
Fuck.
It's fucking broken.
Mother f-
I'm damn sure she's safe.
Jax got her out. bro.
Come on. come on.
[coughing]
[glass shattering]
A private detective shot
to death on my property.
A Grammy award-winning artist
bound and burned to death.
How could you be so stupid?
There is a way out.
Yeah. yeah. that's good news.
Baby?
I knew you'd come.
Oh my God. I miss you so much.
I missed you too.
Let me look at you. you good?
Myron. what happened
to your arm?
Myron?
Damn. what is it. payback man?
Look. it's probably
a waste of time.
but I gotta tell you anyways.
you really need to relax.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. you right.
It's a waste of time.
Hey. listen Doc.
are we straight?
Yeah. we're good.
All right.
Money. how's your
boy Frankie doing?
Oh. man. he's straight.
He's straight. he
had the Kevlar on.
just some bruise
ribs. that's all.
Where's Ree Ree?
Oh. he back at the club.
Said he was meeting
some piece there.
How you though?
I've been better.
but I'm all right.
That's good. because
when I run into Holland.
- I'm gonna put a
whole- - Fuck Holland.
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. there's no need.
Holland's done.
And once Song gets
a hold of him.
Oh. so now she's
gonna own me too.
Jahari. nobody owns you.
Holland got a paper
that says otherwise.
Well. can't you
get your lawyers to
draw up a release or something?
You don't think they tried?
Got a whole paper
drawn up. signed it.
but he won't sign it.
He keeps it in his
safe and pulls it out
to remind me that
I belong to him.
Hey. I gotta stitch this up.
-You gotta come with me.
-Be careful.
He's gotta come on. come
on. come on. let's go.
You know. I'm pretty certain
I can get into that safe
and get that release signed.
Consider it my present to you.
You saved my life once.
You trying to do it again?
Well. the first
time it was a job.
Yeah. and I took it too far.
I was young. but my
therapist hit me to that.
It's called transference.
where the victim falls in love
with their rescuer. So
I think it was that.
But he also told me
about something else.
the savior complex. which
you might need to know
a little bit about.
You know I could
text you his info.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. text me that.
Your man. Money. at first I
didn't know how to take him.
But let me tell you. you got
yourself a really good cat.
Yeah.
He was about to tear up
the whole city over you.
He risked his life
tonight just to save you.
And it wasn't for a job.
Yeah. he's a good one.
What's up with
you. Action Jaxen?
You got a boo?
You finally gonna settle down?
Well. I got myself a prospect.
Okay.
Matter of fact. I'm
gonna check on her now.
All right. well don't forget
what my therapist said.
You know.
Oh. ahh...
-Savior complex.
Okay. okay.
All right.
Where's Gina Bowen?
The woman that was in
this room. where'd she go?
She checked herself out
about a half hour ago.
What. she was shot?
How could you let her leave?
What the fuck?
So what would it make her
leave the hospital like that?
Don't make no damn sense.
Excuse me. about a
half an hour ago.
a woman in 515 was discharged.
Do you know where she went?
Yes. Ms. Bowen.
She had me call a car for
her going to Hanum Park.
Jesus Christ.
Swerve City Records.
[loud thud]
Fang.
When he eventually
breaks. get rid of him.
Same goes for Jaxen's
woman when she gets here.
No loose ends.
This makes no sense.
Why would she be going to Swerve
Records at this time of night?
She had no idea what she's
getting herself into.
[car chirps]
Really?
You're a car dealer?
No.
This is kinda nice.
Call Swerve City Records.
Swerve City Records?
Loni.
Don't say my name.
Who's there?
Oh my God.
Song came in with some
rough looking Asian guys
and they went into
Barnes office.
I think they're beating him.
Hey Loni. I'm on
my way right now.
Now just make sure...
[on phone] Someone's coming.
Hi. Gina Bowen.
here for Ms. Song.
Oh sure. Ms. Bowen.
Go right on in.
[on phone] Loni.
pick up the phone!
[on phone] Loni. stop Gina.
She can't go in there.
Ms. Bowen. you have a
call from your office?
It's an emergency. something
about an NAACP event.
[on the phone] Loni.
no matter what you do.
get out of there
as soon as you can.
Yes sir. be sure to.
Here she is.
Hello?
[on the phone] Gina.
don't say my name.
I'm a coworker. okay?
Now this is a matter
of life and death.
Get out of there right now.
I'm not sure what you mean. sir.
[on phone] Gina?
Those are the
people who shot you.
[Gina laughs]
That's silly.
I mean. that price is silly.
Gina. Gina. Gina.
[on the phone] Think about it.
Song called you at
the hospital. right?
How did she know you were there?
Mm-hmm.
[suspenseful music]
Uh. yeah. yeah.
That's fine.
Mm?
Yeah. close the deal.
Okay. thank you.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Where's the ladies' room?
It's just around the corner.
first door on the left.
Okay.
Come on in when
you finish. Gina.
Will do.
[suspenseful music]
How many extra clips you got?
I thought you didn't like guns?
I don't like condoms
either. but I ain't stupid.
Remember when Superfly
didn't just break out?
He had a plan.
We have to have a plan. Money.
Fuck you. Myron.
Wow. that's what we doing?
I see how it is now.
Uh-huh. when it's your woman.
it's a different story. right?
[grunting]
[coughing]
Yin.
Grab that bitch out
of the restroom.
Don't forget the secretary.
She's gone.
[engine revving]
[loud bang]
You take the stairs.
I'll take the elevator.
How'd that work out
for you the last time?
Funny guy.
The only difference
is. I brought
Tommy with me this time.
Who the hell is Tommy?
Oh shit.
[gunshots]
What the fuck are you doing?
[gunshots in background]
[gunshots]
[dramatic music]
[men speaking Mandarin]
[gunshots]
Somebody tell me what the
fuck is going on out there?
[dramatic music]
[elevator dings]
[gunshots]
[dramatic music]
[laughing]
Oh boy.
Hmm.
Earlier you said.
the martial art was
wasted on my kind.
Little history lesson
for you fellas.
The first complete martial
arts was discovered in Africa.
2500 BC.
In 527 A.D. Bodhi Dharma. aka
Da Mo. aka the Black Monk.
introduced the 18 hands of the
Lo Han to the Shaolin Temple.
Thus introducing
martial arts to China.
Now I know you've
seen the depictions
of Da Mo all over China.
Let me ask you something.
Does he look like you?
Or does he look like me?
[dramatic music]
[grunting]
[thud]
[grunting. absorbing impacts]
[grunting]
[thud]
[dramatic music]
[kick connecting]
[impacts connecting. grunts]
[dramatic music]
[kick connecting]
[thud]
Impressive.
Where's Gina?
You expect me to just
hand her over to you?
[chuckles]
What kind of fool
do you take me for?
I don't want you.
My beef was with Holland and
Heckle and Jekyll over there.
And I'm supposed to trust
that you won't come after me.
Bitch. you could go.
You tell me where Gina is
and I will drop you off
at international departures.
Yeah. not that simple.
It is that simple.
Look. Jahari is alive. right?
The police will just label
everything gang related.
You can go back to your
crazy rich Asian shit
and I can go back
to my damn life.
I guess I'm just not
the trusting type.
It's a pity.
I do find you quite
intriguing and sexy
under other circumstances. well.
It is a shame it
has to end this way.
You know I was thinking
the same thing.
[crying]
[screaming]
[dramatic music]
[impact]
[swords clashing]
[swords clashing continues]
[dramatic music]
[screaming]
[crying]
What a waste.
[powerful spray of water]
[screaming]
[dramatic music]
[heavy thud]
[crying]
Gotcha Loni. got you.
Were you trying to
flirt with that bitch?
What bitch?
That bitch.
She said. "I find you
intriguing. even sexy."
And you said you were
thinking the same thing.
So were you trying
to get with her?
I think you sure took
take care of that part.
No. I was talking about the
trying to kill each other part.
Let's go.
Come on.
Gina's gonna help
you get your stuff
and then you're
gonna leave. okay?
Everything's gonna be all right.
You take her. I'll
be right back.
Your bag.
Okay.
Money. is Holland dead?
Depends on what
you mean by dead.
As in. if he's dead.
he can't very well
sign Jahari's release.
Okay. funny you should say that
because this was his
official final act
as head of Swerve City Records.
That and signing the
company over to me.
I always wanted my
own record label.
Fuck around. get
OutKast back together.
Oh shit. we gotta go.
Why?
Trust me. just take
my words for it.
We gotta go.
Loni.
-Hey.
You good?
I'm good.
Well alright.
Jax. come here.
[explosion]
Holland's in the
securities office.
Cover our tracks.
I was thinking about
remodeling anyway.
You know. give Loni
her own office.
She more than earned it.
That's what's up.
Yeah.
Oh...
You want me to drive?
Get them home.
Cause you and Gina
making babies tonight.
You laughing. but girl talk.
[sighs]
That's you right
there. big Homie.
Yeah. you might be right.
Let's go.
Nah.
Mm-mm.
Feel like walking the night.
interacting with
nature. you dig?
Keep the whip.
Small price for getting
me my lady back.
Plus.
I don't think Holland's
gonna make good
on the rest of your payment.
[laughing]
It's all good.
I think I got something better.
Yeah.
Oh.
If you ever get into any
other fly shit like this.
call the nig...
Call a brother.
[upbeat music]
You know you can't do
shit without Money.
Come on. man.
Make the world go round.
Let's go.
[laughing]
You ready to take this ride?
Absolutely.
Mm.
Let's go.
[upbeat music]
♪ This is a man's world ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ But it wouldn't be nothing ♪
♪ Nothing ♪
♪ Without a woman or a girl ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Man makes the cars ♪
♪ To carry us over the road ♪
♪ Man makes the train ♪
♪ To carry a heavy load ♪
♪ Man made electric lights ♪
♪ Yeah. baby ♪
♪ To take us out of the dark ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ And man made the
boat for the water ♪
♪ Like Noah builds the ark ♪
♪ This is a man's world ♪
♪ A man's world ♪
♪ But it wouldn't be nothing ♪
♪ Nothing ♪
♪ Without a woman or a girl ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Without you. baby ♪
♪ Man thinks about our
little baby girls ♪
♪ and our baby boys ♪
♪ Man made them happy ♪
♪ Yes. he does ♪
♪ When he buys them toys ♪
♪ And after man
does everything ♪
♪ Everything again ♪
♪ You see. see man make money ♪
♪ Why? To buy man.
man. man. man ♪
♪ From other man ♪
♪ This is a man's world ♪
♪ But it wouldn't be nothing ♪
♪ nothing without you my baby ♪
♪ My baby. baby.
baby. baby girl ♪
♪ Without you babe ♪
♪ Let me tell you my baby ♪
♪ Man made the darkness girl ♪
♪ Man made the train ♪
♪ Without you my life girl ♪
♪ Would never ever be the same ♪
♪ My life would
never be the same ♪
♪ Without you. baby ♪
♪ I'm a trouble man. baby ♪
♪ It's a man's world ♪
♪ My world ♪
♪ But it's nothing ♪
♪ But it's nothing.
nothing. nothing ♪
♪ Without you. baby ♪
♪ It's a man's world ♪
♪ Wouldn't be nothing
without you baby ♪
♪ Wouldn't be nothing ♪
♪ But it's nothing.
nothing without you baby ♪
♪ This is a man's world ♪
♪ But it's nothing
without a woman ♪
♪ I'm a trouble man ♪
♪ It's a man's world ♪
♪ But there's nothing.
without a woman ♪
♪ Nothing without a woman ♪
♪ It's a man's world ♪
♪ I'm a trouble man ♪
♪ But it's nothing ♪
♪ Trouble man. Trouble.
Trouble. Trouble man. babe ♪